com/droideve/apps/sugoi/booking/controllers/adapters/ItemsAdapter.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.controllers.adapters.ItemsAdapter
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.controllers.adapters.ItemsAdapter$ClickListener
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.controllers.adapters.ItemsAdapter$ItemViewHolder
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/fragments/ListStoresFragment.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.ListStoresFragment
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.ListStoresFragment$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.ListStoresFragment$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.ListStoresFragment$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.ListStoresFragment$4
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.ListStoresFragment$5
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.ListStoresFragment$6
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/booking/controllers/adapters/BookingListExpandAdapter.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.controllers.adapters.BookingListExpandAdapter
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.controllers.adapters.BookingListExpandAdapter$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.controllers.adapters.BookingListExpandAdapter$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.controllers.adapters.BookingListExpandAdapter$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.controllers.adapters.BookingListExpandAdapter$OnItemClickListener
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.controllers.adapters.BookingListExpandAdapter$OriginalViewHolder
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.controllers.adapters.BookingListExpandAdapter$OriginalViewHolder$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.controllers.adapters.BookingListExpandAdapter$OriginalViewHolder$2
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/booking/controllers/parser/ReservationParser.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.controllers.parser.ReservationParser
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/CouponActivity.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.CouponActivity
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.CouponActivity$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.CouponActivity$1$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.CouponActivity$10
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.CouponActivity$11
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.CouponActivity$12
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.CouponActivity$13
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.CouponActivity$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.CouponActivity$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.CouponActivity$4
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.CouponActivity$5
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.CouponActivity$6
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.CouponActivity$7
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.CouponActivity$8
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.CouponActivity$9
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/fragments/GalleryFragment.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.GalleryFragment
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.GalleryFragment$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.GalleryFragment$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.GalleryFragment$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.GalleryFragment$4
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/activities/OffersListActivity.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.OffersListActivity
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/unbescape/javascript/JavaScriptEscapeLevel.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.javascript.JavaScriptEscapeLevel
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/booking/controllers/parser/FeeParser.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.controllers.parser.FeeParser
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/dtmessenger/MessengerHelper.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.dtmessenger.MessengerHelper
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.dtmessenger.MessengerHelper$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.dtmessenger.MessengerHelper$NbrMessagesManager
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/classes/Banner.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.classes.Banner
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/activities/CategoriesActivity.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.CategoriesActivity
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.CategoriesActivity$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.CategoriesActivity$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.CategoriesActivity$3
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/views/BlurImageView.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.views.BlurImageView
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/GPS/GoogleDirection.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.GPS.GoogleDirection
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.GPS.GoogleDirection$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.GPS.GoogleDirection$OnAnimateListener
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.GPS.GoogleDirection$OnDirectionResponseListener
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.GPS.GoogleDirection$RequestTask
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/unbescape/css/CssIdentifierEscapeLevel.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.css.CssIdentifierEscapeLevel
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/parser/api_parser/OfferParser.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.parser.api_parser.OfferParser
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/v2/model/CategoryM.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.v2.model.CategoryM
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/dtmessenger/NotificationsManager.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.dtmessenger.NotificationsManager
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/network/api_request/SignUpRequest.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.network.api_request.SignUpRequest
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/controllers/users/UserController.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.users.UserController
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.users.UserController$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.users.UserController$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.users.UserController$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.users.UserController$4
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.users.UserController$5
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.users.UserController$6
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.users.UserController$7
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/utils/NSLog.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.utils.NSLog
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/unbescape/javascript/JavaScriptEscapeUtil.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.javascript.JavaScriptEscapeUtil
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/unbescape/css/CssStringEscapeUtil.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.css.CssStringEscapeUtil
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/classes/SavedStores.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.classes.SavedStores
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/Services/BusMessage.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.Services.BusMessage
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/utils/MessageDialog.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.utils.MessageDialog
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/classes/Store.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.classes.Store
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.classes.Store$Tags
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/booking/views/activities/ServiceOptionsActivity.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.views.activities.ServiceOptionsActivity
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/customView/PeopleCustomView.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.customView.PeopleCustomView
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.customView.PeopleCustomView$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.customView.PeopleCustomView$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.customView.PeopleCustomView$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.customView.PeopleCustomView$4
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/classes/Item.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.classes.Item
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/adapter/StoreOfferAdapter.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.StoreOfferAdapter
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.StoreOfferAdapter$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.StoreOfferAdapter$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.StoreOfferAdapter$Listener
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/booking/controllers/parser/OptionParser.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.controllers.parser.OptionParser
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/activities/SliderActivity.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.SliderActivity
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.SliderActivity$SamplePagerAdapter
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/utils/Translator.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.utils.Translator
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/BuildConfig.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.BuildConfig
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/classes/HeaderItem.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.classes.HeaderItem
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/controllers/BookmarkController.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.BookmarkController
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.BookmarkController$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.BookmarkController$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.BookmarkController$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.BookmarkController$4
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/events/UnseenNotificationEvent.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.events.UnseenNotificationEvent
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/controllers/events/UpComingEventsController.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.events.UpComingEventsController
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.events.UpComingEventsController$1
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/Services/SetSelectedCategoryEvent.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.Services.SetSelectedCategoryEvent
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/controllers/ReviewController.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.ReviewController
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/booking/controllers/adapters/PayGWParser.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.controllers.adapters.PayGWParser
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/classes/Session.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.classes.Session
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/appconfig/Constances.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.appconfig.Constances
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.appconfig.Constances$API
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.appconfig.Constances$ModulesConfig
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.appconfig.Constances$OrderByFilter
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.appconfig.Constances$initConfig
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.appconfig.Constances$initConfig$AppInfos
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.appconfig.Constances$initConfig$Tabs
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.appconfig.Constances$initConfig$fonts
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/classes/SimpleImage.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.classes.SimpleImage
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/booking/modals/PaymentGateway.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.modals.PaymentGateway
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/unbescape/java/JavaEscapeUtil.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.java.JavaEscapeUtil
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/parser/api_parser/BannerParser.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.parser.api_parser.BannerParser
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/adapter/lists/ReviewsListAdapter.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.lists.ReviewsListAdapter
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.lists.ReviewsListAdapter$ClickListener
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.lists.ReviewsListAdapter$mViewHolder
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/classes/WhichList.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.classes.WhichList
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/activities/FindMyPlaceActivity.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.FindMyPlaceActivity
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.FindMyPlaceActivity$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.FindMyPlaceActivity$2
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/controllers/messenger/MessengerController.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.messenger.MessengerController
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.messenger.MessengerController$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.messenger.MessengerController$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.messenger.MessengerController$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.messenger.MessengerController$4
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.messenger.MessengerController$5
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.messenger.MessengerController$6
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.messenger.MessengerController$7
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.messenger.MessengerController$8
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.messenger.MessengerController$9
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/booking/controllers/ProductsController.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.controllers.ProductsController
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.controllers.ProductsController$1
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/activities/StoresListActivity.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.StoresListActivity
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/activities/MainActivity.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.MainActivity
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.MainActivity$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.MainActivity$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.MainActivity$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.MainActivity$4
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.MainActivity$5
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/adapter/lists/OfferListAdapter.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.lists.OfferListAdapter
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.lists.OfferListAdapter$ClickListener
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.lists.OfferListAdapter$mViewHolder
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/booking/modals/Reservation.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.modals.Reservation
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/load_manager/ViewManager.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.load_manager.ViewManager
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.load_manager.ViewManager$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.load_manager.ViewManager$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.load_manager.ViewManager$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.load_manager.ViewManager$4
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.load_manager.ViewManager$CallViewListener
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.load_manager.ViewManager$CustomView
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.load_manager.ViewManager$ManagerException
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/QR.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.QR
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/unbescape/xml/XmlCodepointValidator.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.xml.XmlCodepointValidator
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/booking/views/activities/BookingListActivity.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.views.activities.BookingListActivity
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.views.activities.BookingListActivity$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.views.activities.BookingListActivity$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.views.activities.BookingListActivity$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.views.activities.BookingListActivity$4
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.views.activities.BookingListActivity$5
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.views.activities.BookingListActivity$6
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/databinding/V2FragmentProfilePasswordBinding.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.databinding.V2FragmentProfilePasswordBinding
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/unbescape/properties/PropertiesValueEscapeUtil.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.properties.PropertiesValueEscapeUtil
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/utils/OfferUtils.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.utils.OfferUtils
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/views/CenterZoomLayoutManager.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.views.CenterZoomLayoutManager
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/unbescape/xml/Xml10EscapeSymbolsInitializer.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.xml.Xml10EscapeSymbolsInitializer
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.xml.Xml10EscapeSymbolsInitializer$Xml10CodepointValidator
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/customView/OfferCustomView.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.customView.OfferCustomView
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.customView.OfferCustomView$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.customView.OfferCustomView$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.customView.OfferCustomView$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.customView.OfferCustomView$4
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/fragments/HomeFragment.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.HomeFragment
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.HomeFragment$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.HomeFragment$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.HomeFragment$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.HomeFragment$4
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.HomeFragment$5
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.HomeFragment$6
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.HomeFragment$7
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.HomeFragment$Listener
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/parser/api_parser/OfferCurrencyParser.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.parser.api_parser.OfferCurrencyParser
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/unbescape/css/CssIdentifierEscapeUtil.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.css.CssIdentifierEscapeUtil
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/unbescape/csv/CsvEscape.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.csv.CsvEscape
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/databinding/V2FragmentProfileSignupBinding.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.databinding.V2FragmentProfileSignupBinding
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/activities/SimpleActivity.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.SimpleActivity
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.SimpleActivity$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.SimpleActivity$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.SimpleActivity$SimpleHeaderSize
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/fragments/V2MainFragment.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.V2MainFragment
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.V2MainFragment$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.V2MainFragment$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.V2MainFragment$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.V2MainFragment$Listener
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.V2MainFragment$ViewPagerAdapter
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/parser/api_parser/BookmarkParser.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.parser.api_parser.BookmarkParser
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/classes/OpeningTime.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.classes.OpeningTime
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/mysql.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.mysql
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.mysql$getChartLabel
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/activities/ActivateMerchantAcitivity.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.ActivateMerchantAcitivity
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.ActivateMerchantAcitivity$1
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/GPS/GetPathFromLocation.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.GPS.GetPathFromLocation
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/customView/StoreCustomView.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.customView.StoreCustomView
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.customView.StoreCustomView$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.customView.StoreCustomView$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.customView.StoreCustomView$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.customView.StoreCustomView$4
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/fragments/EditProfileFragment.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.EditProfileFragment
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.EditProfileFragment$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.EditProfileFragment$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.EditProfileFragment$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.EditProfileFragment$3$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.EditProfileFragment$3$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.EditProfileFragment$3$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.EditProfileFragment$3$4
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.EditProfileFragment$3$5
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.EditProfileFragment$4
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.EditProfileFragment$5
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.EditProfileFragment$6
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.EditProfileFragment$7
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.EditProfileFragment$8
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/fragments/InboxFragment.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.InboxFragment
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.InboxFragment$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.InboxFragment$10
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.InboxFragment$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.InboxFragment$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.InboxFragment$4
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.InboxFragment$5
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.InboxFragment$6
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.InboxFragment$7
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.InboxFragment$7$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.InboxFragment$8
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.InboxFragment$9
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/fragments/StoreOffersFragment.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.StoreOffersFragment
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.StoreOffersFragment$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.StoreOffersFragment$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.StoreOffersFragment$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.StoreOffersFragment$4
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/classes/Category.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.classes.Category
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/booking/controllers/parser/ItemParser.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.controllers.parser.ItemParser
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/classes/Images.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.classes.Images
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/adapter/lists/BookmarkAdapter.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.lists.BookmarkAdapter
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.lists.BookmarkAdapter$BookmarkViewHolder
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.lists.BookmarkAdapter$ClickListener
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/GPS/DirectionHelper.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.GPS.DirectionHelper
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/unbescape/html/Html5EscapeSymbolsInitializer.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.html.Html5EscapeSymbolsInitializer
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/utils/DateUtils.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.utils.DateUtils
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/booking/controllers/CartController.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.controllers.CartController
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.controllers.CartController$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.controllers.CartController$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.controllers.CartController$3
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/helper/NotificationHelper.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.helper.NotificationHelper
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/Scan_Qr.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.Scan_Qr
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.Scan_Qr$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.Scan_Qr$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.Scan_Qr$2$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.Scan_Qr$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.Scan_Qr$3$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.Scan_Qr$3$1$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.Scan_Qr$3$1$1$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.Scan_Qr$3$1$1$1$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.Scan_Qr$qr_data
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/adapter/lists/CategoriesListAdapter.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.lists.CategoriesListAdapter
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.lists.CategoriesListAdapter$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.lists.CategoriesListAdapter$ClickListener
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.lists.CategoriesListAdapter$mViewHolder
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.lists.CategoriesListAdapter$mViewHolder$1
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/unbescape/html/Html4EscapeSymbolsInitializer.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.html.Html4EscapeSymbolsInitializer
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/activities/ListUsersActivity.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.ListUsersActivity
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/utils/ImageHelper.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.utils.ImageHelper
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/fragments/ListUsersFragment.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.ListUsersFragment
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.ListUsersFragment$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.ListUsersFragment$10
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.ListUsersFragment$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.ListUsersFragment$2$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.ListUsersFragment$2$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.ListUsersFragment$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.ListUsersFragment$4
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.ListUsersFragment$5
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.ListUsersFragment$6
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.ListUsersFragment$7
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.ListUsersFragment$8
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.ListUsersFragment$9
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/parser/api_parser/OpeningTimeParser.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.parser.api_parser.OpeningTimeParser
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/fragments/NotificationChatVPFragment.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.NotificationChatVPFragment
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.NotificationChatVPFragment$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.NotificationChatVPFragment$SectionsPagerAdapter
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/unbescape/xml/XmlEscapeSymbols.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.xml.XmlEscapeSymbols
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.xml.XmlEscapeSymbols$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.xml.XmlEscapeSymbols$Reference
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.xml.XmlEscapeSymbols$References
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/parser/api_parser/UserParser.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.parser.api_parser.UserParser
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/Services/Pusher.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.Services.Pusher
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/classes/Module.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.classes.Module
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/unbescape/css/CssUnescapeUtil.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.css.CssUnescapeUtil
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/adapter/lists/StoreListAdapter.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.lists.StoreListAdapter
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.lists.StoreListAdapter$ClickListener
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.lists.StoreListAdapter$mViewHolder
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/views/HackyViewPager.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.views.HackyViewPager
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/unbescape/html/HtmlEscape.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.html.HtmlEscape
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/push_notification_firebase/FirebaseInstanceIDService.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.push_notification_firebase.FirebaseInstanceIDService
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.push_notification_firebase.FirebaseInstanceIDService$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.push_notification_firebase.FirebaseInstanceIDService$1$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.push_notification_firebase.FirebaseInstanceIDService$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.push_notification_firebase.FirebaseInstanceIDService$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.push_notification_firebase.FirebaseInstanceIDService$4
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.push_notification_firebase.FirebaseInstanceIDService$5
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.push_notification_firebase.FirebaseInstanceIDService$6
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/fragments/SettingsFragment.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.SettingsFragment
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/controllers/sessions/SessionsController.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.sessions.SessionsController
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.sessions.SessionsController$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.sessions.SessionsController$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.sessions.SessionsController$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.sessions.SessionsController$getLocalDatabase
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/activities/MapStoresListActivity.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.MapStoresListActivity
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.MapStoresListActivity$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.MapStoresListActivity$10
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.MapStoresListActivity$10$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.MapStoresListActivity$10$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.MapStoresListActivity$11
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.MapStoresListActivity$12
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.MapStoresListActivity$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.MapStoresListActivity$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.MapStoresListActivity$4
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.MapStoresListActivity$5
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.MapStoresListActivity$6
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.MapStoresListActivity$7
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.MapStoresListActivity$8
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.MapStoresListActivity$9
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/fragments/ProfileFragment.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.ProfileFragment
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.ProfileFragment$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.ProfileFragment$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.ProfileFragment$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.ProfileFragment$4
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.ProfileFragment$ViewPagerAdapter
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/parser/api_parser/SettingParser.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.parser.api_parser.SettingParser
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/utils/MapsUtils.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.utils.MapsUtils
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/utils/CommunApiCalls.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.utils.CommunApiCalls
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.utils.CommunApiCalls$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.utils.CommunApiCalls$10
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.utils.CommunApiCalls$11
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.utils.CommunApiCalls$12
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.utils.CommunApiCalls$13
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.utils.CommunApiCalls$14
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.utils.CommunApiCalls$15
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.utils.CommunApiCalls$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.utils.CommunApiCalls$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.utils.CommunApiCalls$4
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.utils.CommunApiCalls$5
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.utils.CommunApiCalls$6
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.utils.CommunApiCalls$7
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.utils.CommunApiCalls$8
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.utils.CommunApiCalls$9
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/booking/modals/Fee.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.modals.Fee
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/unbescape/javascript/JavaScriptEscape.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.javascript.JavaScriptEscape
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/controllers/stores/ReviewsController.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.stores.ReviewsController
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.stores.ReviewsController$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.stores.ReviewsController$2
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/ChartActivity.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.ChartActivity
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.ChartActivity$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.ChartActivity$1$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.ChartActivity$1$1$1
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/customView/SliderCustomView.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.customView.SliderCustomView
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.customView.SliderCustomView$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.customView.SliderCustomView$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.customView.SliderCustomView$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.customView.SliderCustomView$4
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/adapter/lists/ImagesListAdapter.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.lists.ImagesListAdapter
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.lists.ImagesListAdapter$ClickListener
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.lists.ImagesListAdapter$mViewHolder
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.lists.ImagesListAdapter$mViewHolder$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.lists.ImagesListAdapter$mViewHolder$2
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/booking/controllers/parser/ServiceParser.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.controllers.parser.ServiceParser
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/controllers/ui/FragmentParams.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.ui.FragmentParams
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/fragments/ListEventFragment.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.ListEventFragment
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.ListEventFragment$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.ListEventFragment$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.ListEventFragment$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.ListEventFragment$3$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.ListEventFragment$3$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.ListEventFragment$4
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.ListEventFragment$5
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.ListEventFragment$6
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.ListEventFragment$7
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/unbescape/xml/XmlEscapeType.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.xml.XmlEscapeType
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/classes/User.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.classes.User
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.classes.User$DefaultValues
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.classes.User$Tags
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/activities/V2MainActivity.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.V2MainActivity
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.V2MainActivity$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.V2MainActivity$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.V2MainActivity$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.V2MainActivity$4
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.V2MainActivity$ViewPagerAdapter
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/helper/MyPreferenceManager.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.helper.MyPreferenceManager
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/DataBindingInfo.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.DataBindingInfo
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/fragments/SlideshowDialogFragment.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.SlideshowDialogFragment
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.SlideshowDialogFragment$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.SlideshowDialogFragment$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.SlideshowDialogFragment$MyViewPagerAdapter
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.SlideshowDialogFragment$MyViewPagerAdapter$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.SlideshowDialogFragment$MyViewPagerAdapter$1$1
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/booking/views/fragments/checkout/ConfirmationFragment.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.views.fragments.checkout.ConfirmationFragment
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/animation/ScrollAwareFABBehavior.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.animation.ScrollAwareFABBehavior
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/booking/controllers/OrdersController.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.controllers.OrdersController
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.controllers.OrdersController$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.controllers.OrdersController$2
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/fragments/BookmarkFragment.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.BookmarkFragment
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.BookmarkFragment$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.BookmarkFragment$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.BookmarkFragment$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.BookmarkFragment$4
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.BookmarkFragment$5
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.BookmarkFragment$6
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.BookmarkFragment$7
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/fragments/CategoryFragment.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.CategoryFragment
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.CategoryFragment$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.CategoryFragment$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.CategoryFragment$3
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/parser/api_parser/CategoryParser.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.parser.api_parser.CategoryParser
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/utils/LoaderImages.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.utils.LoaderImages
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/activities/SettingActivity.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.SettingActivity
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.SettingActivity$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.SettingActivity$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.SettingActivity$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.SettingActivity$4
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/unbescape/html/HtmlEscapeUtil.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.html.HtmlEscapeUtil
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/unbescape/css/CssStringEscapeType.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.css.CssStringEscapeType
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/utils/FlingBehavior.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.utils.FlingBehavior
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/classes/Notification.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.classes.Notification
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/customView/PaymentWebViewActivity.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.customView.PaymentWebViewActivity
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/controllers/ErrorsController.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.ErrorsController
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.ErrorsController$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.ErrorsController$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.ErrorsController$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.ErrorsController$4
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/controllers/events/EventController.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.events.EventController
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.events.EventController$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.events.EventController$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.events.EventController$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.events.EventController$4
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.events.EventController$5
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/customView/CategoryCustomView.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.customView.CategoryCustomView
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.customView.CategoryCustomView$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.customView.CategoryCustomView$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.customView.CategoryCustomView$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.customView.CategoryCustomView$4
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/classes/UpComingEvent.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.classes.UpComingEvent
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/activities/StoreDetailActivity.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.StoreDetailActivity
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.StoreDetailActivity$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.StoreDetailActivity$10
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.StoreDetailActivity$11
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.StoreDetailActivity$12
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.StoreDetailActivity$13
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.StoreDetailActivity$14
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.StoreDetailActivity$15
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.StoreDetailActivity$16
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.StoreDetailActivity$17
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.StoreDetailActivity$18
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.StoreDetailActivity$19
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.StoreDetailActivity$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.StoreDetailActivity$20
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.StoreDetailActivity$21
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.StoreDetailActivity$22
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.StoreDetailActivity$23
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.StoreDetailActivity$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.StoreDetailActivity$4
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.StoreDetailActivity$5
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.StoreDetailActivity$5$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.StoreDetailActivity$6
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.StoreDetailActivity$7
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.StoreDetailActivity$8
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.StoreDetailActivity$9
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.StoreDetailActivity$decodeHtml
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.StoreDetailActivity$decodeHtml$1
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/customView/EventCustomView.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.customView.EventCustomView
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.customView.EventCustomView$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.customView.EventCustomView$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.customView.EventCustomView$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.customView.EventCustomView$4
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/utils/ImageUtils.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.utils.ImageUtils
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.utils.ImageUtils$PrepareImagesData
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.utils.ImageUtils$PrepareImagesData$OnCompressListner
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/activities/MapDirectionActivity.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.MapDirectionActivity
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.MapDirectionActivity$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.MapDirectionActivity$1$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.MapDirectionActivity$2
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/unbescape/xml/XmlEscapeLevel.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.xml.XmlEscapeLevel
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/utils/SecurityUtils.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.utils.SecurityUtils
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.utils.SecurityUtils$Tags
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/adapter/lists/PayGWAdapter.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.lists.PayGWAdapter
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.lists.PayGWAdapter$ClickListener
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.lists.PayGWAdapter$mViewHolder
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.lists.PayGWAdapter$mViewHolder$1
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/activities/EventsListActivity.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.EventsListActivity
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/classes/Image.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.classes.Image
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/unbescape/json/JsonEscapeUtil.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.json.JsonEscapeUtil
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/classes/Offer.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.classes.Offer
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/activities/PeopleListActivity.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.PeopleListActivity
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/parser/api_parser/GuestParser.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.parser.api_parser.GuestParser
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/unbescape/json/JsonEscape.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.json.JsonEscape
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/adapter/messenger/ListDiscussionAdapter.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.messenger.ListDiscussionAdapter
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.messenger.ListDiscussionAdapter$ClickListener
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.messenger.ListDiscussionAdapter$TouchListener
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.messenger.ListDiscussionAdapter$mViewHolder
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/fragments/ListOffersFragment.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.ListOffersFragment
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.ListOffersFragment$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.ListOffersFragment$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.ListOffersFragment$2$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.ListOffersFragment$2$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.ListOffersFragment$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.ListOffersFragment$4
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.ListOffersFragment$5
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.ListOffersFragment$6
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/booking/controllers/restApis/OrderApis.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.controllers.restApis.OrderApis
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.controllers.restApis.OrderApis$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.controllers.restApis.OrderApis$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.controllers.restApis.OrderApis$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.controllers.restApis.OrderApis$OrderRestAPisDelegate
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/databinding/V2FragmentProfileEditBinding.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.databinding.V2FragmentProfileEditBinding
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/activities/SplashActivity.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.SplashActivity
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.SplashActivity$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.SplashActivity$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.SplashActivity$2$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.SplashActivity$2$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.SplashActivity$2$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.SplashActivity$2$4
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.SplashActivity$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.SplashActivity$3$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.SplashActivity$3$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.SplashActivity$4
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.SplashActivity$5
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.SplashActivity$6
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/parser/api_parser/ModuleParser.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.parser.api_parser.ModuleParser
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/views/HorizontalView.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.views.HorizontalView
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/customView/SwipeDisabledViewPager.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.customView.SwipeDisabledViewPager
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/customView/StoreCardCustomView.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.customView.StoreCardCustomView
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.customView.StoreCardCustomView$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.customView.StoreCardCustomView$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.customView.StoreCardCustomView$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.customView.StoreCardCustomView$4
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.customView.StoreCardCustomView$StoreListener
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/dtmessenger/InComingDataParserSender.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.dtmessenger.InComingDataParserSender
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/parser/Parser.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.parser.Parser
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/security/Security.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.security.Security
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/adapter/lists/EventListAdapter.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.lists.EventListAdapter
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.lists.EventListAdapter$ClickListener
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.lists.EventListAdapter$mViewHolder
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/classes/Guest.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.classes.Guest
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/classes/Setting.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.classes.Setting
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/network/api_request/StoreRequest.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.network.api_request.StoreRequest
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/adapter/navigation/SimpleListAdapterNavDrawer.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.navigation.SimpleListAdapterNavDrawer
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.navigation.SimpleListAdapterNavDrawer$ClickListener
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.navigation.SimpleListAdapterNavDrawer$mHeaderViewHolder
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.navigation.SimpleListAdapterNavDrawer$mViewHolder
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/parser/api_parser/ReviewParser.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.parser.api_parser.ReviewParser
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/booking/views/fragments/checkout/PaymentFragment.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.views.fragments.checkout.PaymentFragment
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.views.fragments.checkout.PaymentFragment$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.views.fragments.checkout.PaymentFragment$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.views.fragments.checkout.PaymentFragment$3
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/unbescape/html/HtmlEscapeLevel.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.html.HtmlEscapeLevel
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/activities/IntroSliderActivity.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.IntroSliderActivity
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.IntroSliderActivity$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.IntroSliderActivity$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.IntroSliderActivity$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.IntroSliderActivity$MyViewPagerAdapter
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/booking/modals/Item.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.modals.Item
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/unbescape/json/JsonEscapeLevel.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.json.JsonEscapeLevel
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/parser/api_parser/EventParser.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.parser.api_parser.EventParser
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/parser/api_parser/ImagesParser.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.parser.api_parser.ImagesParser
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/booking/views/activities/BookingCheckoutActivity.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.views.activities.BookingCheckoutActivity
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.views.activities.BookingCheckoutActivity$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.views.activities.BookingCheckoutActivity$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.views.activities.BookingCheckoutActivity$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.views.activities.BookingCheckoutActivity$3$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.views.activities.BookingCheckoutActivity$4
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.views.activities.BookingCheckoutActivity$5
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.views.activities.BookingCheckoutActivity$6
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.views.activities.BookingCheckoutActivity$7
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.views.activities.BookingCheckoutActivity$8
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.views.activities.BookingCheckoutActivity$9
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.views.activities.BookingCheckoutActivity$State
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/unbescape/properties/PropertiesEscape.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.properties.PropertiesEscape
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/booking/controllers/helpers/generateViews.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.controllers.helpers.generateViews
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/booking/modals/Service.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.modals.Service
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/unbescape/properties/PropertiesKeyEscapeLevel.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.properties.PropertiesKeyEscapeLevel
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/parser/api_parser/NotificationParser.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.parser.api_parser.NotificationParser
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/booking/views/activities/BookingDetailActivity.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.views.activities.BookingDetailActivity
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.views.activities.BookingDetailActivity$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.views.activities.BookingDetailActivity$2
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/classes/CountriesModel.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.classes.CountriesModel
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/network/ServiceHandler.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.network.ServiceHandler
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.network.ServiceHandler$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.network.ServiceHandler$2
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/activities/CustomSearchActivity.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.CustomSearchActivity
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.CustomSearchActivity$LoginActivityV2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.CustomSearchActivity$ResultFilterActivity
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/activities/InboxActivity.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.InboxActivity
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.InboxActivity$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.InboxActivity$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.InboxActivity$2$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.InboxActivity$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.InboxActivity$4
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/unbescape/properties/PropertiesValueEscapeLevel.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.properties.PropertiesValueEscapeLevel
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/Services/NotifyDataNotificationEvent.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.Services.NotifyDataNotificationEvent
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/booking/modals/CF.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.modals.CF
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/controllers/stores/StoreController.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.stores.StoreController
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.stores.StoreController$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.stores.StoreController$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.stores.StoreController$3
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/utils/Utils.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.utils.Utils
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.utils.Utils$Params
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/adapter/pager/BannerAdapter.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.pager.BannerAdapter
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.pager.BannerAdapter$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.pager.BannerAdapter$OnItemClickListener
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/controllers/stores/OffersController.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.stores.OffersController
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.stores.OffersController$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.stores.OffersController$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.stores.OffersController$3
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/CustomDialog.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.CustomDialog
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/unbescape/json/JsonEscapeType.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.json.JsonEscapeType
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/parser/api_parser/MessageParser.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.parser.api_parser.MessageParser
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/AppController.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.AppController
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/unbescape/uri/UriEscapeUtil.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.uri.UriEscapeUtil
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.uri.UriEscapeUtil$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.uri.UriEscapeUtil$UriEscapeType
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.uri.UriEscapeUtil$UriEscapeType$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.uri.UriEscapeUtil$UriEscapeType$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.uri.UriEscapeUtil$UriEscapeType$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.uri.UriEscapeUtil$UriEscapeType$4
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/modules/store/api/StoreApiCall.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.modules.store.api.StoreApiCall
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.modules.store.api.StoreApiCall$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.modules.store.api.StoreApiCall$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.modules.store.api.StoreApiCall$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.modules.store.api.StoreApiCall$StoreApiCallDelegate
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/adapter/StoreReviewsAdapter.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.StoreReviewsAdapter
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.StoreReviewsAdapter$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.StoreReviewsAdapter$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.StoreReviewsAdapter$Listener
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/GPS/GPStracker.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.GPS.GPStracker
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.GPS.GPStracker$1
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/fragments/AuthenticationFragment.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.AuthenticationFragment
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.AuthenticationFragment$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.AuthenticationFragment$10
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.AuthenticationFragment$11
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.AuthenticationFragment$12
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.AuthenticationFragment$12$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.AuthenticationFragment$12$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.AuthenticationFragment$12$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.AuthenticationFragment$12$4
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.AuthenticationFragment$13
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.AuthenticationFragment$14
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.AuthenticationFragment$15
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.AuthenticationFragment$16
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.AuthenticationFragment$17
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.AuthenticationFragment$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.AuthenticationFragment$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.AuthenticationFragment$4
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.AuthenticationFragment$5
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.AuthenticationFragment$6
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.AuthenticationFragment$7
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.AuthenticationFragment$8
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.AuthenticationFragment$9
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.AuthenticationFragment$9$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.AuthenticationFragment$9$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.AuthenticationFragment$9$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.AuthenticationFragment$9$4
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/push_notification_firebase/FirebaseMessagingService.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.push_notification_firebase.FirebaseMessagingService
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/utils/Session.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.utils.Session
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/booking/controllers/parser/CFParser.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.controllers.parser.CFParser
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/parser/api_parser/DiscussionParser.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.parser.api_parser.DiscussionParser
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/classes/Inbox.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.classes.Inbox
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.classes.Inbox$Tags
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/helper/PullDataFromApiToDB.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.helper.PullDataFromApiToDB
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.helper.PullDataFromApiToDB$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.helper.PullDataFromApiToDB$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.helper.PullDataFromApiToDB$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.helper.PullDataFromApiToDB$4
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.helper.PullDataFromApiToDB$5
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.helper.PullDataFromApiToDB$6
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/utils/MLoader.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.utils.MLoader
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/network/api_request/SimpleRequest.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.network.api_request.SimpleRequest
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/fragments/EditPasswordFragment.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.EditPasswordFragment
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.EditPasswordFragment$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.EditPasswordFragment$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.EditPasswordFragment$2$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.EditPasswordFragment$2$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.EditPasswordFragment$2$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.EditPasswordFragment$2$4
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.EditPasswordFragment$2$5
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.EditPasswordFragment$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.EditPasswordFragment$4
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/helper/CommunFunctions.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.helper.CommunFunctions
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.helper.CommunFunctions$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.helper.CommunFunctions$2
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/GPS/DirectionPointerLinster.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.GPS.DirectionPointerLinster
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/network/VolleySingleton.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.network.VolleySingleton
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.network.VolleySingleton$1
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/unbescape/uri/UriEscape.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.uri.UriEscape
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/adapter/messenger/ListMessageAdapter.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.messenger.ListMessageAdapter
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.messenger.ListMessageAdapter$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.messenger.ListMessageAdapter$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.messenger.ListMessageAdapter$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.messenger.ListMessageAdapter$ClickListener
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.messenger.ListMessageAdapter$LoadEarlierMessages
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.messenger.ListMessageAdapter$MessengerViewHolder
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.messenger.ListMessageAdapter$TouchListener
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.messenger.ListMessageAdapter$mViewHolder
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.messenger.ListMessageAdapter$mViewLoadingHolder
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/activities/ProfileActivity.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.ProfileActivity
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/Services/BusStation.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.Services.BusStation
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/activities/ListStoresActivity.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.ListStoresActivity
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/activities/EventDetailActivity.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.EventDetailActivity
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.EventDetailActivity$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.EventDetailActivity$10
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.EventDetailActivity$11
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.EventDetailActivity$12
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.EventDetailActivity$13
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.EventDetailActivity$14
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.EventDetailActivity$15
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.EventDetailActivity$16
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.EventDetailActivity$17
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.EventDetailActivity$18
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.EventDetailActivity$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.EventDetailActivity$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.EventDetailActivity$4
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.EventDetailActivity$5
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.EventDetailActivity$6
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.EventDetailActivity$7
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.EventDetailActivity$8
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.EventDetailActivity$9
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/helper/AppHelper.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.helper.AppHelper
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/dialog/ViewFindUtils.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.dialog.ViewFindUtils
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/views/Blur.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.views.Blur
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/booking/views/fragments/checkout/BookingInfoFragment.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.views.fragments.checkout.BookingInfoFragment
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.views.fragments.checkout.BookingInfoFragment$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.views.fragments.checkout.BookingInfoFragment$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.views.fragments.checkout.BookingInfoFragment$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.views.fragments.checkout.BookingInfoFragment$4
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.views.fragments.checkout.BookingInfoFragment$4$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.views.fragments.checkout.BookingInfoFragment$5
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.views.fragments.checkout.BookingInfoFragment$5$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.views.fragments.checkout.BookingInfoFragment$6
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.views.fragments.checkout.BookingInfoFragment$7
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/classes/OfferContent.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.classes.OfferContent
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/parser/tags/Tags.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.parser.tags.Tags
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/booking/controllers/PaymentController.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.controllers.PaymentController
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.controllers.PaymentController$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.controllers.PaymentController$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.controllers.PaymentController$3
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/classes/EventNotification.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.classes.EventNotification
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/fragments/CustomSearchFragment.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.CustomSearchFragment
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.CustomSearchFragment$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.CustomSearchFragment$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.CustomSearchFragment$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.CustomSearchFragment$4
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.CustomSearchFragment$5
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.CustomSearchFragment$6
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.CustomSearchFragment$7
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.CustomSearchFragment$8
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/activities/VR_View.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.VR_View
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.VR_View$1
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/dtmessenger/DCMessengerConfig.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.dtmessenger.DCMessengerConfig
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.dtmessenger.DCMessengerConfig$Config
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.dtmessenger.DCMessengerConfig$Params
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.dtmessenger.DCMessengerConfig$Params$ResultStatus
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/views/CustomDialog.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.views.CustomDialog
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/activities/AboutActivity.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.AboutActivity
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.AboutActivity$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.AboutActivity$2
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/animation/ImageLoaderAnimation.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.animation.ImageLoaderAnimation
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/adapter/CountriesAutoCompleteAdapter.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.CountriesAutoCompleteAdapter
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.CountriesAutoCompleteAdapter$1
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/dtmessenger/TokenInstance.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.dtmessenger.TokenInstance
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/unbescape/xml/XmlEscapeUtil.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.xml.XmlEscapeUtil
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/views/SeekBarPreference.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.views.SeekBarPreference
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/booking/modals/Option.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.modals.Option
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/utils/NotificationUtils.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.utils.NotificationUtils
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.utils.NotificationUtils$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.utils.NotificationUtils$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.utils.NotificationUtils$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.utils.NotificationUtils$4
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/fragments/NotificationFragment.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.NotificationFragment
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.NotificationFragment$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.NotificationFragment$10
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.NotificationFragment$11
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.NotificationFragment$12
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.NotificationFragment$13
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.NotificationFragment$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.NotificationFragment$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.NotificationFragment$4
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.NotificationFragment$5
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.NotificationFragment$6
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.NotificationFragment$7
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.NotificationFragment$8
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.NotificationFragment$9
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/databinding/V2StoreGalleryHorizontalBinding.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.databinding.V2StoreGalleryHorizontalBinding
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/classes/Bookmark.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.classes.Bookmark
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/unbescape/css/CssIdentifierEscapeType.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.css.CssIdentifierEscapeType
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/unbescape/html/HtmlEscapeSymbols.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.html.HtmlEscapeSymbols
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.html.HtmlEscapeSymbols$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.html.HtmlEscapeSymbols$Reference
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.html.HtmlEscapeSymbols$References
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/adapter/GalleryAdapter.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.GalleryAdapter
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.GalleryAdapter$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.GalleryAdapter$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.GalleryAdapter$Listener
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/unbescape/java/JavaEscapeLevel.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.java.JavaEscapeLevel
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/dtmessenger/DCMBroadcastReceiver.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.dtmessenger.DCMBroadcastReceiver
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.dtmessenger.DCMBroadcastReceiver$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.dtmessenger.DCMBroadcastReceiver$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.dtmessenger.DCMBroadcastReceiver$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.dtmessenger.DCMBroadcastReceiver$4
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.dtmessenger.DCMBroadcastReceiver$NetworkStateReceiverListener
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/booking/modals/Cart.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.modals.Cart
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/classes/Currency.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.classes.Currency
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/views/TintableImageView.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.views.TintableImageView
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/activities/ReviewsActivity.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.ReviewsActivity
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.ReviewsActivity$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.ReviewsActivity$10
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.ReviewsActivity$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.ReviewsActivity$2$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.ReviewsActivity$2$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.ReviewsActivity$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.ReviewsActivity$4
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.ReviewsActivity$5
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.ReviewsActivity$6
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.ReviewsActivity$7
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.ReviewsActivity$8
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.ReviewsActivity$8$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.ReviewsActivity$9
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/controllers/CampagneController.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.CampagneController
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.CampagneController$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.CampagneController$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.CampagneController$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.CampagneController$4
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.CampagneController$5
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.CampagneController$6
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/controllers/CountriesController.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.CountriesController
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/adapter/lists/NotificationAdapter.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.lists.NotificationAdapter
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.lists.NotificationAdapter$ClickListener
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.lists.NotificationAdapter$NotificationViewHolder
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/booking/modals/OrderableItem.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.modals.OrderableItem
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/classes/Discussion.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.classes.Discussion
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.classes.Discussion$Tags
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/booking/views/fragments/ServiceOptionsFragment.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.views.fragments.ServiceOptionsFragment
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.views.fragments.ServiceOptionsFragment$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.views.fragments.ServiceOptionsFragment$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.views.fragments.ServiceOptionsFragment$3
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/unbescape/properties/PropertiesKeyEscapeUtil.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.properties.PropertiesKeyEscapeUtil
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/network/api_request/LoginRequest.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.network.api_request.LoginRequest
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/unbescape/html/HtmlEscapeType.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.html.HtmlEscapeType
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/animation/Animation.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.animation.Animation
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.animation.Animation$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.animation.Animation$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.animation.Animation$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.animation.Animation$4
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.animation.Animation$5
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/unbescape/css/CssEscape.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.css.CssEscape
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/unbescape/csv/CsvEscapeUtil.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.csv.CsvEscapeUtil
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/fragments/StoreReviewsFragment.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.StoreReviewsFragment
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.StoreReviewsFragment$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.StoreReviewsFragment$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.StoreReviewsFragment$2$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.StoreReviewsFragment$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.StoreReviewsFragment$4
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.StoreReviewsFragment$5
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.StoreReviewsFragment$5$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.StoreReviewsFragment$6
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.StoreReviewsFragment$7
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.fragments.StoreReviewsFragment$8
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/activities/MessengerActivity.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.MessengerActivity
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.MessengerActivity$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.MessengerActivity$1$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.MessengerActivity$10
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.MessengerActivity$11
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.MessengerActivity$12
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.MessengerActivity$13
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.MessengerActivity$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.MessengerActivity$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.MessengerActivity$4
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.MessengerActivity$5
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.MessengerActivity$6
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.MessengerActivity$7
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.MessengerActivity$8
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.MessengerActivity$9
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/adapter/lists/ListUsersAdapter.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.lists.ListUsersAdapter
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.lists.ListUsersAdapter$ClickListener
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.lists.ListUsersAdapter$mViewHolder
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.lists.ListUsersAdapter$mViewHolder$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.adapter.lists.ListUsersAdapter$mViewHolder$2
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/ChartAnalysisActivity.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.ChartAnalysisActivity
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.ChartAnalysisActivity$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.ChartAnalysisActivity$1$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.ChartAnalysisActivity$1$1$1
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/booking/controllers/services/GenericNotifyEvent.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.booking.controllers.services.GenericNotifyEvent
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/parser/api_parser/StoreParser.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.parser.api_parser.StoreParser
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/classes/TabItem.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.classes.TabItem
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/parser/api_parser/OpeningTimeTableParser.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.parser.api_parser.OpeningTimeTableParser
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/unbescape/xml/Xml11EscapeSymbolsInitializer.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.xml.Xml11EscapeSymbolsInitializer
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.xml.Xml11EscapeSymbolsInitializer$Xml11CodepointValidator
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/classes/Review.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.classes.Review
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/unbescape/javascript/JavaScriptEscapeType.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.javascript.JavaScriptEscapeType
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/appconfig/AppContext.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.appconfig.AppContext
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.appconfig.AppContext$Ads
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/unbescape/xml/XmlEscape.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.xml.XmlEscape
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/controllers/categories/CategoryController.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.categories.CategoryController
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.categories.CategoryController$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.categories.CategoryController$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.categories.CategoryController$3
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/unbescape/properties/PropertiesUnescapeUtil.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.properties.PropertiesUnescapeUtil
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/utils/TextUtils.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.utils.TextUtils
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.utils.TextUtils$decodeHtml
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/customView/GalleryStoreCustomView.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.customView.GalleryStoreCustomView
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.customView.GalleryStoreCustomView$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.customView.GalleryStoreCustomView$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.customView.GalleryStoreCustomView$3
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/appconfig/AppConfig.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.appconfig.AppConfig
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.appconfig.AppConfig$GCMConfig
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/utils/ImageConverter.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.utils.ImageConverter
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/classes/Event.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.classes.Event
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.classes.Event$Tags
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/push_notification_firebase/DTNotificationManager.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.push_notification_firebase.DTNotificationManager
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.push_notification_firebase.DTNotificationManager$Parser
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.push_notification_firebase.DTNotificationManager$Parser$BodyParser
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.push_notification_firebase.DTNotificationManager$Tags
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/controllers/banners/BannersController.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.banners.BannersController
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.banners.BannersController$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.banners.BannersController$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.banners.BannersController$3
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/activities/GalleryActivity.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.GalleryActivity
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/utils/Tools.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.utils.Tools
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.utils.Tools$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.utils.Tools$2
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/controllers/notification/NotificationController.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.notification.NotificationController
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.notification.NotificationController$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.notification.NotificationController$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.notification.NotificationController$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.notification.NotificationController$4
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/events/UnseenMessagesEvent.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.events.UnseenMessagesEvent
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/animation/LineItemDecoration.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.animation.LineItemDecoration
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/customView/AdvancedWebViewActivity.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.customView.AdvancedWebViewActivity
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.customView.AdvancedWebViewActivity$1
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/classes/Message.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.classes.Message
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.classes.Message$Tags
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/unbescape/css/CssStringEscapeLevel.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.css.CssStringEscapeLevel
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/user_coupon_list.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.user_coupon_list
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.user_coupon_list$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.user_coupon_list$1$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.user_coupon_list$1$1$1
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/dtmessenger/MessagesReceiverBroadcast.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.dtmessenger.MessagesReceiverBroadcast
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/controllers/SettingsController.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.SettingsController
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.SettingsController$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.SettingsController$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.SettingsController$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.SettingsController$4
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/activities/OfferDetailActivity.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.OfferDetailActivity
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.OfferDetailActivity$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.OfferDetailActivity$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.OfferDetailActivity$3
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.OfferDetailActivity$4
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.OfferDetailActivity$5
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.activities.OfferDetailActivity$6
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/Services/ReminderService.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.Services.ReminderService
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/unbescape/java/JavaEscape.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.unbescape.java.JavaEscape
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/databinding/V2FragmentCustomSearchBinding.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.databinding.V2FragmentCustomSearchBinding
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/controllers/sessions/GuestController.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.sessions.GuestController
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.sessions.GuestController$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.controllers.sessions.GuestController$2
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/GPS/Position.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.GPS.Position
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/utils/IOHelper.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.utils.IOHelper
com/droideve/apps/sugoi/navigationdrawer/NavigationDrawerFragment.java
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.navigationdrawer.NavigationDrawerFragment
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.navigationdrawer.NavigationDrawerFragment$1
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.navigationdrawer.NavigationDrawerFragment$2
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.navigationdrawer.NavigationDrawerFragment$Menu
 com.droideve.apps.sugoi.navigationdrawer.NavigationDrawerFragment$NavigationDrawerEvent
